Assign a Network Address to a Target (#2613)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/concepts/domain-model/index.mdx

## Target and Host Resources

Boundary exposes endpoints to users as [Targets](/docs/concepts/domain-model/targets). A target is a resource representing a networked service, with an associated set of permissions, that allows a user to connect and interact with Boundary within a single session. A target may contain references to [Host](/docs/concepts/domain-model/hosts) sources or an address, and [Credential](/docs/concepts/domain-model/credentials) sources. Users who access a target create an authorized session to its address or one of its host sources with returned credentials from the target’s credential source.

A target exposes two distinct and mutually exclusive configuration paths for its
representation of a networked service:

- Target with an address
- Target with host sources

A target with an address represents a target that is set up with a single IP

> address or DNS name directly on the target resource. This mechanism provides
> benefits for new Boundary users and users who don't require Boundary's
> flexibility and scalability, as it's less complex to set up and understand.

Reviewer: I think the phrasing here seems a little odd. Mainly the "don't require Boundary's flexibility and scalability". It isn't "boundary's" flexibility and scalability that is being avoided here, using an Address on a Target is still part of the boundary domain model. Instead it is avoiding the need for Hosts, Host Sets, Host Catalogs. So maybe something like:

```suggestion
address or DNS name directly on the target resource. This mechanism provides
benefits for new Boundary users and users who do not need the flexibility
provided by Hosts, Host Sets, and Host Catalogs.
It is well suited for cases where there are stand-alone hosts
that should not be grouped together and treated as equal from an access control point of view.
```

Author: Good point - Makes it much clearer, thanks a lot!

Author: Addressed: https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/commit/cf145792f9ae1161ddc9521953f39ccabd116bab

> Because of its simplicity, using this path on environments where a significant
> number of resources exist is not recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of its simplicity, using targets with an address is not recommended
when there are a either a large number of hosts and/or dynamic hosts.
```

Author: Addressed: https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/commit/cf145792f9ae1161ddc9521953f39ccabd116bab

A target with host sources represents a target that has one or more [host
sets][] associated with it. It trades off the simplicity of directly setting an
address on a target with Boundary's flexibility and scalability for discovering
and categorizing networked resources. We recommend this path for setting

> up Boundary in environments where a significant number of resources exist.

Reviewer: This can be reworded similarly to the suggestions above.

Author: Addressed: https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2613/commits/cf145792f9ae1161ddc9521953f39ccabd116bab
